DOCS: add OpenAI-compatible http and python api reference (#5374)
infiniflow/ragflow: docs/references/python_api_reference.md

```bash
pip install ragflow-sdk
```

:::

---

## OpenAI-Compatible API

---

### Create chat completion

Creates a model response for the given historical chat conversation via OpenAI's API.

#### Parameters

##### model: `str`, *Required*

> The model used to generate the response. The server will parse this automatically, so you can leave it as any for now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The model used to generate the response. The server will parse this automatically, so you can set it to any value for now.
```

##### messages: `list[object]`, *Required*

> A list of historical chat messages to generate the response. This must contain at least one message with the `user` role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list of historical chat messages used to generate the response. This must contain at least one message with the `user` role.
```
